Whoever pulls the knife out
Who is the new generation of genius?
Zhou Gongzi
You are not about to be replaced by Lord Long Shuai soon
General Pawidaw
Maybe this new generation of geniuses
It's you yes
Except for Zhou Gongzi
No one is more qualified to pull out knives and help pythons
Hahaha, since you are sharp swords
Then I am indeed disrespectful
Hahaha Qiu Heng
I advise you not to touch what does not belong to you
Lest you burn yourself
Don't be alarmist here
Linze
I know you have always been jealous of Mr. Zhou in your heart
But it's a pity you're just a poor man
Can't stop Zhou Gongzi from turning into a dragon and flying
Jumping beam clown dad
You and I are different after all
Or take a good look at how I became
It's the pride that everyone expects, hahaha.
Ahhh
My hand, my hand, my hand is broken.
Are you going to play me?
My hand!
What's going on here?
Of course it's because of him
Zhou Heng's wine bag and rice bag are not worthy of touching
I'm not qualified
It's not your turn to be a watchdog to make irresponsible remarks
He's just gloating
If it weren't for our Zhou Gongzi's good foundation
To be him
I'm afraid it's gone by now
Those who love jade are like a straight sentence, there must be a killer
And those who have no desires in the world
To take charge of the universe